query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=1) : 144 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=2) : 146 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=4) : 143 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=8) : 159 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=16) : 168 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=1) : 145 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=2) : 141 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=4) : 138 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=8) : 138 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=16) : 136 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=1) : 138 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=2) : 135 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=4) : 144 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=8) : 143 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=16) : 144 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=1) : 136 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=2) : 147 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=4) : 139 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=8) : 148 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=16) : 135 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=1) : 149 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=2) : 137 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=4) : 152 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=8) : 142 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=16) : 150 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=1) : 152 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=2) : 152 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=4) : 148 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=8) : 149 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=16) : 154 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=1) : 146 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=2) : 146 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=4) : 163 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=8) : 151 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=16) : 166 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=1) : 147 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=2) : 156 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=4) : 149 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=8) : 150 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=16) : 155 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=1) : 146 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=2) : 148 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=4) : 150 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=8) : 150 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=16) : 160 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=1) : 150 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=2) : 153 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=4) : 160 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=8) : 156 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=16) : 157 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=1) : 151 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=2) : 153 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=4) : 153 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=8) : 154 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=16) : 160 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=1) : 149 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=2) : 150 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=4) : 152 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=8) : 150 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=16) : 146 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=1) : 169 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=2) : 150 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=4) : 144 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=8) : 155 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=16) : 154 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=1) : 151 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=2) : 157 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=4) : 154 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=8) : 150 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=16) : 153 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=1) : 143 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=2) : 150 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=4) : 153 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=8) : 153 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=16) : 157 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=1) : 152 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=2) : 151 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=4) : 149 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=8) : 157 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=16) : 160 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=1) : 150 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=2) : 152 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=4) : 151 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=8) : 151 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=16) : 157 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=1) : 148 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=2) : 152 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=4) : 150 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=8) : 163 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=16) : 158 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=1) : 150 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=2) : 155 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=4) : 160 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=8) : 157 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=16) : 158 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=1) : 153 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=2) : 155 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=4) : 154 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=8) : 154 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=16) : 150 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=1) : 156 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=2) : 163 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=4) : 159 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=8) : 157 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=16) : 163 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=1) : 157 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=2) : 161 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=4) : 155 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=8) : 165 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=16) : 162 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=1) : 157 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=2) : 158 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=4) : 158 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=8) : 163 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=16) : 165 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=1) : 156 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=2) : 159 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=4) : 158 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=8) : 162 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=16) : 162 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=1) : 155 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=2) : 157 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=4) : 163 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=8) : 160 seconds
query3_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=16) : 147 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=1) : 51 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=2) : 49 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=4) : 54 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=8) : 49 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=16) : 54 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=1) : 46 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=2) : 50 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=4) : 51 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=8) : 54 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=16) : 54 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=1) : 45 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=2) : 44 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=4) : 52 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=8) : 54 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=16) : 52 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=1) : 45 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=2) : 49 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=4) : 48 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=8) : 53 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=16) : 50 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=1) : 51 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=2) : 51 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=4) : 45 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=8) : 46 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=16) : 56 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=1) : 44 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=2) : 49 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=4) : 52 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=8) : 54 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=16) : 54 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=1) : 51 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=2) : 52 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=4) : 53 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=8) : 48 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=16) : 52 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=1) : 51 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=2) : 49 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=4) : 53 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=8) : 47 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=16) : 56 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=1) : 55 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=2) : 55 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=4) : 56 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=8) : 55 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=16) : 48 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=1) : 48 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=2) : 58 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=4) : 54 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=8) : 59 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=16) : 47 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=1) : 45 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=2) : 55 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=4) : 52 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=8) : 57 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=16) : 54 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=1) : 53 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=2) : 52 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=4) : 56 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=8) : 60 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=16) : 59 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=1) : 51 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=2) : 57 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=4) : 44 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=8) : 53 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=16) : 47 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=1) : 45 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=2) : 48 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=4) : 50 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=8) : 47 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=16) : 55 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=1) : 54 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=2) : 58 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=4) : 57 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=8) : 52 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=16) : 53 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=1) : 52 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=2) : 58 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=4) : 64 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=8) : 62 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=16) : 53 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=1) : 52 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=2) : 52 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=4) : 52 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=8) : 47 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=16) : 63 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=1) : 58 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=2) : 60 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=4) : 60 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=8) : 45 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=16) : 52 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=1) : 49 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=2) : 54 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=4) : 50 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=8) : 56 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=16) : 58 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=1) : 50 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=2) : 53 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=4) : 49 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=8) : 57 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=16) : 55 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=1) : 45 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=2) : 54 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=4) : 58 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=8) : 50 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=16) : 50 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=1) : 55 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=2) : 50 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=4) : 52 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=8) : 62 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=16) : 56 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=1) : 55 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=2) : 59 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=4) : 60 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=8) : 52 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=16) : 62 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=1) : 46 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=2) : 51 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=4) : 60 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=8) : 52 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=16) : 62 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=1) : 56 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=2) : 51 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=4) : 57 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=8) : 50 seconds
query3_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.topk.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.sort.reduce.cardinality=16) : 63 seconds
