query2_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.ratings.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1) : 367 seconds
query2_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.ratings.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2) : 373 seconds
query2_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.ratings.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4) : 396 seconds
query2_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.ratings.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8) : 364 seconds
query2_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.ratings.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16) : 369 seconds
query2_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.ratings.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1) : 359 seconds
query2_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.ratings.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2) : 375 seconds
query2_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.ratings.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4) : 386 seconds
query2_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.ratings.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8) : 379 seconds
query2_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.ratings.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16) : 377 seconds
query2_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.ratings.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1) : 366 seconds
query2_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.ratings.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2) : 383 seconds
query2_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.ratings.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4) : 367 seconds
query2_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.ratings.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8) : 367 seconds
query2_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.ratings.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16) : 370 seconds
query2_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.ratings.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1) : 359 seconds
query2_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.ratings.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2) : 385 seconds
query2_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.ratings.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4) : 372 seconds
query2_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.ratings.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8) : 389 seconds
query2_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.ratings.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16) : 381 seconds
query2_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.ratings.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1) : 389 seconds
query2_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.ratings.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2) : 389 seconds
query2_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.ratings.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4) : 377 seconds
query2_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.ratings.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8) : 377 seconds
query2_1 ( -Dmoviedoop.ratings.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16) : 378 seconds
query2_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.ratings.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1) : 36 seconds
query2_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.ratings.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2) : 33 seconds
query2_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.ratings.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4) : 34 seconds
query2_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.ratings.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8) : 34 seconds
query2_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.ratings.reduce.cardinality=1 -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16) : 38 seconds
query2_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.ratings.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1) : 37 seconds
query2_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.ratings.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2) : 34 seconds
query2_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.ratings.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4) : 37 seconds
query2_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.ratings.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8) : 37 seconds
query2_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.ratings.reduce.cardinality=2 -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16) : 39 seconds
query2_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.ratings.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1) : 33 seconds
query2_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.ratings.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2) : 39 seconds
query2_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.ratings.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4) : 38 seconds
query2_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.ratings.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8) : 35 seconds
query2_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.ratings.reduce.cardinality=4 -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16) : 36 seconds
query2_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.ratings.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1) : 34 seconds
query2_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.ratings.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2) : 38 seconds
query2_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.ratings.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4) : 36 seconds
query2_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.ratings.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8) : 36 seconds
query2_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.ratings.reduce.cardinality=8 -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16) : 37 seconds
query2_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.ratings.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=1) : 39 seconds
query2_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.ratings.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=2) : 42 seconds
query2_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.ratings.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=4) : 41 seconds
query2_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.ratings.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=8) : 38 seconds
query2_5 ( -Dmoviedoop.ratings.reduce.cardinality=16 -Dmoviedoop.average.reduce.cardinality=16) : 37 seconds
